your dog drives you crazy
marisol king has the solution we
informs how he created the school of
training called patita patita in
the one next to mister pedro com and tiny
They dedicated to resolving form
recreational all kinds of problems of
behavior in our beloved pets
for you I pull you up approximately
three years
I was studying a flame career
bachelor's degree in labor relations and
I always liked dogs and
good and for one reason or another does not study
veterinary more than anything for the part
clinic that did not interest me that much but
I was always passionate about everything
were the dogs I was always
studying and reading about them and I
I found out that it was good that a
career that was called instrument
canine I began to study in different
courses
and is that need we would already dedicate
three years ago we always say I was
very very involved with dogs all
this arises based on that
especially there are certain problems of
behavior that are acquired say there
bad habits that are pretty closed
in the dog when the dog spends a lot
alone or they call you when you have
five years and let's say they have many more
accumulated solids and a lot of loneliness about
all when it's a problem that makes
something when you're alone but if you have a
bad habit what about the process you
have many years to be alone if it is for
hours is usually a problem of
behavior that costs to correct for this
but the reality is that it depends
a lot of problem behavior
How did this yemen
possibility of owner to correct it by
example I do not know for telling you in the air the
most common problem let's say when
it's about the dog that does physics
within the time of domicile and we
we sank and it's not what you're looking for or
when they break all that kind of behavior
when he spent a lot of time and the dog
she has very sick inside her bad
habits is usually a problem in which
you have to dedicate a lot to correct them
but as we all say
Behavioral problems have a solution
is that because your dog destroyed everything
for three years it can not be corrected
they can always be corrected
and sometimes the solution is very
reach of hands
in the streets of the city is coming
the moment
but we met in the faculty uba
of veterinary sciences where
we study the extra load
and once I was missing someone like
let's say that it will help me in everything that is
there obedience and had that handling with
the people who have pedro let's say a
very very human handling
then good but the
team also to be able to expand the
let's say yes and be my teammate
usually to me particularly I
many bull owners contact
little ones and pedro usually
touch much more dreams of big dog
it also has a lot to do with a
gender characteristic and reality
is that I particularly get
many cases of the most common
belt pulls dogs that break everything
puppies that make titicaca inside or
Adults
bad habits such as asking for
the table ask for food from the table with the
end of tasks that until now all the
behavior programs that have
arrived have been very very problems
correctable and quite simple and
done if we are surprised sometimes what
fast that the dog learns
I know not
doménica type
in addition to group form obedience and
agility are the only two activities
that we give obedience group applies to
everything what is the behavior in the
street that is what it is and what is the
sitting on one side together walking the
side the dog here that is the exercise
that I come when you always call
how lucky we are with the tub an object
in the mouth and wait for him to stay
still in a place in the position
then we have a secret and it's agility
tricks true that is so this is a
track obstacles where the dog what
does is exercise and communicate with the
Owner going through different obstacles
to order what the owner tells you
how tunnels fence ramps hoops is a
sport that looks very much
in TV
then we do tricks that is the shocks
to the album the muertito above the
back a lot of tricks jump by
the hoop all the tricks that are
fun for the owner as the
can show family money that does the
dog that kind of tricks more like to
have fun and then we have what it is
domicile that aims more than anything at
the resolution of the behavior problem
we are not called because of problems of
conduct bad habits in general physical
here inside bites strip of the strap
break all these types of behaviors
individually cater ie
everything that happens at home for
inside we have it on an individual hand in
the domicile intensively or
regular depending on the case and if in
some cases if the owner wants to
work with individual obedience is
say this that we mentioned as a group
it is also worked for individual if the
owner or can not get to the place of
where we are working they offered
personalized treatment do not change in
the next block
We'll visit the ranch and you 'll see ranch in
the city of Argentine currents there
Mrs. Alejandra Blanco and Mr.
horacio brum will inform us about their
magnificent bulldogs of Bordeaux
stay there are more dogs in action